Test File Input lsdl slsl slslslsl           slsls slslsl slsl ls sls sl        
test file input                                                                 

test right here Once upon a time,            visit her grandmother as it had    
there was a little girl who lived            been awhile since they'd seen each 
in a village near the forest.                other. "That's a good idea," her   
Whenever she went out, the little            mother said. So they packed a nice 
girl wore a red riding cloak, so             basket for Little Red Riding Hood  
everyone in the village called her           to take to her grandmother. When   
Little Red Riding Hood. One                  the basket was ready, the little   
morning, Little Red Riding Hood              girl put on her red cloak and      
asked her mother if she could go to          kissed her mother goodbye.         

"Remember, go straight to Grandma's          She picked a few, watched the      
house," her mother cautioned.                butterflies flit about for awhile, 
"Don't dawdle along the way and              listened to the frogs croaking and 
please don't talk to strangers! The          then picked a few more. Little Red 
woods are dangerous." "Don't worry,          Riding Hood was enjoying the warm  
mommy," said Little Red Riding               summer day so much, that she didn't
Hood, "I'll be careful." But when            notice a dark shadow approaching   
Little Red Riding Hood noticed some          out of the forest behind her...    
lovely flowers in the woods, she             Suddenly, the wolf appeared beside 
forgot her promise to her mother.            her.                               

"What are you doing out here,                quickly excused herself, rushing   
little girl?" the wolf asked in a            down the path to her Grandma's     
voice as friendly as he could                house. The wolf, in the meantime,  
muster. "I'm on my way to see my             took a shortcut... The wolf, a     
Grandma who lives through the                little out of breath from running, 
forest, near the brook," Little Red          arrived at Grandma's and knocked   
Riding Hood replied. Then she                lightly at the door.               
realized how late she was and                                                   
